COMMENTS
--------

Danukeru says the story should be 'bloated' more as it reads like a technical
manual. I agree. :)

22:00 Jan 20 <jetole> have one character say "why not just do it from the
+bank" where the main character replies "because banks would issue it through
+the processor where it would be held and analyzed and then flagged but if we
+go here then we can program in a circumvention to have the processing done
+real time"


22:01 Jan 20 <jetole> yeah if it's done from the bank itself then you're not
+erasing transaction logs. I mean you can but then they just call the payment
+processor when they notice the missing money and ask them


22:05 Jan 20 <jetole> yes banks back up all mission critical data and have      
+disaster recovery solutions in place. A bank is required too. If a natural     
+disaster destroys their building they will have trailers brought in with mock  
+offices inside hooked up to generators running in the parking lot or whatever  
+. At least in the US. These trailers already exist and are basically on        
+standby for when they need them. They have contracts with fuel ...

wizard22:05 Jan 20 <jetole> ... companies for the diesel to be on standby for the
+generators, etc etc

22:07 Jan 20 <jetole> the money will be traced. There is no question about
+that and they will find where in switzerland it went and will be in touch
+with the banks who will cooperate to the fullest extent of the law they are
+required to so your main character needs to plan to have it withdrawn
+immediately once the transfer is complete   

PLOT
----
- Y2K
  - computer hackers get to fix bank data systems and drop a trojan in
  - moves 'random' amounts of currency from high-balance accounts to anonymous
    accounts in Switzerland, then shuts down; the next boot-strap goes just fine
    with the log entries for the transactions wiped

------
- scandinavian master hacker
- properly paranoid system programmer type
- lots of technical skills
- lacks a bit in social skills
- cyber cowboy who likes living on the edge

sunshine
--------
- wizard's love
- smart, nerdy girl with university background and Unix experience
- turn-ons: intelligence, clever tricks, tender-heartedness, wittiness

cyberia
-------
- high-performance super computer cluster; network of nodes; new Internet
- program on program combat on taking control of nodes
- hologram chats and decks

trojan
------
- camouflaged as encrypted, in-binary data somewhere
- the name of the routine file is encrypted in binary; revealed later after the
  file is gone; backup reveals account numbers in Switzerland in encrypted form
- routine binary erased after one-shot use

agents
------
- government agents and hired guns operating in cyber-space
- supplied the list of bank account numbers in Switzerland

Intro
-----

Wizard sat in his chambers, munching on chocolate and other snacks. Damn it,
what was going wrong in his code this time? It had been a long, silent night of
kernel debugging for a new project, and it had been somewhat troublesome and
frustrating.

"Hey Sunshine", Wizard called his partner, "what do you say me and you go out
to eat before sleep?" - "I've kind of had it with software development for
tonight. You pick a place that serves reindeer and I'll pay the bill."

Sunshine called a local deli and placed a reservation for a table for two, as
well as ordered reindeer fillet with mashed potatoes and lingonberry jam for the
couple.

Wizard loaded the peace-pipe. "Time to relax", he thought. He lit up and took
a few good tokes before leaving for the deli with Sunshine.

Deli
----

"You know, darling, I have figured out the perfect crime that is going to make
us filthy rich at very low risk. The deal is that I got a contract with a bank
who want me to fix their systems for the Y2K event, the change of the millennia,
in order to save them from a disaster. I have planned out the perfect trojan to
drop into their systems to transfer millions and millions of dollars to our
anonymous bank accounts in Switzerland", Wizard said with an excited expression
on his face.

"What's the risk", Sunshine asked. "They may find out our anonymous account
IDs later when some of their clients report in missing money, but only after
that as I can make sure all logs of the transactions are erased. Depending on
the country and their banking laws, law enforcement may get on our trail
eventually. In short, we'd better relocate to somewhere safe and private."

Curious about what he had in mind, Sunshine asked Wizard to elaborate. "Not
right now, sugar, you won't need to know more in order not to know too much;
just take my word on this, it's the closest to a perfect crime I can think of.
Besides, we will not be stealing from the poor either, but from rich individuals
and organisations. The banks should have insured the money, so who's going to
lose that we should care about?"

EDIT
----

"Hey Wiz", Sunshine said, "why don't you just do the transfers from the banks?"

"See, Sunshine", Wizard started, "the banks would issue the transfers through
the processor where it would be held and analyzed and then flagged, but iw we
go here then we can program in a circumvention to have the processing done
real-time."

Next Morning
------------

Sunshine looks stunning wearing fishnet stockings, a short skirt, and a leather
jacket. Wearing Ray-Ban Wayfarers adds a twist to the costume. Ready to roll,
Sunshine jumps onto her Kawasaki Ninja and ignites the engine.

Wizard has a long day of work ahead at the bank. He's studied AS/400 programming
for the system and is getting ready to do some Cobol. The carefully-tailored
assembly routines to be compiled in as the trojan are on a memory stick in
wizard's pocket. The binary shall be encrypted with a 1024-bit algorithm to make
it take more time to crack in the case it gets captured. Wizard knows to set his
files have the archive attribute off, but is expecting the bank to back all
of their mission-critical data up regardless.

The trojan has encrypted account IDs for anonymous accounts in Switzerland. It
gets activated at shutdown at the Y2K moment; the binary module the trojan is in
shall be erased during the shutdown, and the next time, the system will seem to
have restarted normally and go back to business like nothing ever happened. With
everyone busy celebrating Y2K, Wizard expects it to take a while before people
start reporting money missing from their bank accounts.

Sunshine arrives at the airport just in time to catch a flight to Geneva,
Switzerland. Wizard told him about a bank there who allow clients to have
anonymous accounts with access based on knowing a proper numerical ID. Legend
has it there's still a lot of gold stolen by the Nazis during World War II
laying around in the vaults in Switzerland. Wizard thinks this gold should be
released to do charity for the third world; why not make the world a better
place if you can.

Geneva, Switzerland
-------------------
